Schema error - playbook tags (#794)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Fixed an issue where running **validate** failed on playbook with task that performs tagging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where running **validate** failed on playbook with task that adds tags to the evidence data.
```
